DOC-406 | Release notes: k_shortest_paths performance improvements (#1373)
arangodb/docs: 3.11/release-notes-new-features311.md

See the [`COLLECT` options](aql/operations-collect.html#method) for details.

### K_SHORTEST_PATHS performance improvements

> The `K_SHORTEST_PATHS` graph query in AQL has been refactored in ArangoDB 3.11
> and introduces major performance improvements. The query now returns the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `K_SHORTEST_PATHS` graph algorithm in AQL has been refactored in ArangoDB 3.11,
resulting in major performance improvements. The query now returns the
```
